Add documentation for Salesforce integration (#61)
FriendlyCaptcha/friendly-docs: src/pages/integrations/salesforce/index.md

---
title: Salesforce Integration
description: Integrate Friendly Captcha into your Salesforce environment
---

<img width="100" src="/img/integrations/salesforce.svg" alt="Salesforce logo" />

# Friendly Captcha for Salesforce

> <!-- To integrate Friendly Captcha into your Salesforce environment, you can use [Friendly Captcha for Salesforce][appexchange], a package available on Salesforce AppExchange. -->

Author: I'll uncomment this line and link to the package when it gets released on AppExchange...

Integrating Friendly Captcha involves a front-end component and a back-end component. We recommend familiarizing yourself with the [Friendly Captcha documentation][fcdocs] to develop a baseline understanding of how an integration works.

For the front-end component of the integration, this package provides a Lightning Web

> Component (LWC). If you're using Visualforce, you should also be able to simply insert

Reviewer: I'm not super keen on the word `simply` or `just` in documentation (reasoning: can unintentionally make someone feel bad if it's not obvious to them what to do).

I'm also not confident I understand what it's saying. It probably makes more sense to someone familiar with the Salesforce stack. Is the Visualforce stuff used instead of the LWC stuff? If that's the case, maybe the sentence could be something like this:

> If you're using Visualforce, you should also be able to insert the standard markup for the front-end integration instead of using LWC.

Click the **Manage Records** link, and then edit the **Settings** record. You'll see a form where you can set values for the various configuration parameters available.

<figure style={{ textAlign: 'center', margin: '3em auto', maxWidth: 720 }}>
    <img src="/img/salesforce-settings.png" alt="Configuration settings in Salesforce" />
    <figcaption><i>Configuration settings in Salesforce</i></figcaption>
</figure>

**Verification Settings** are used by the back-end (Apex class). **Widget Settings** are used by the LWC. **Shared Settings** are used by both. Make sure you enter at least a sitekey and an API key. The following table provides a summary of the configuration options.

| Setting | Location | Description |
| -- | -- | -- |
| Sitekey | Shared | A Friendly Captcha sitekey associated with an application. Copied from the application configuration in the Friendly Captcha dashboard. |
| APIEndpoint | Shared | The endpoint URL used for communicating with the Friendly Captcha API. Shorthands &apos;eu&apos; or &apos;global&apos; are accepted. Default is &apos;global&apos;. Using the &apos;eu&apos; endpoint requires access that must be enabled in the Friendly Captcha dashboard. |

> | APIKey | Apex | An API key used for communicating with the Friendly Captcha API. Created in the Friendly Captcha dashboard. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| APIKey | Apex | An API key used for communicating with the Friendly Captcha API. You can create an EPI key in the Friendly Captcha dashboard. |
```

<figure style={{ textAlign: 'center', margin: '3em 0' }}>
    <img src="/img/salesforce-flow-decision.png" alt="Configuration of a Decision Flow element" />
    <figcaption><i>Configuration of a Decision Flow element</i></figcaption>
</figure>

In this implementation, we chose to render Screen elements that showed a simple confirmation text on success, and a failure message otherwise. In the failure message, you can conditionally render the error message if it's present:

<figure style={{ textAlign: 'center', margin: '3em 0' }}>
    <img src="/img/salesforce-flow-error.png" alt="Conditionally display an error message" />
    <figcaption><i>Conditionally display an error message</i></figcaption>
</figure>

Here's the final Flow:

<figure style={{ textAlign: 'center', margin: '3em 0' }}>
    <img src="/img/salesforce-flow-final.png" alt="Complete Salesforce Flow example" />
    <figcaption><i>Complete Salesforce Flow example</i></figcaption>
</figure>

## API Reference

### Apex Class

[Click here for the Apex reference documentation.](reference/)

### Lightning Web Component

> Using the LWC from code (e.g., from within another LWC) looks like this:

Reviewer: Nit. Our current style seems to be `e.g.` and `i.e.`, with dots and without commas. 

```suggestion
Using the LWC from code (e.g. from within another LWC) looks like this:
```
